[Doc] Add explanation for sites in its own file (#3794)
ocaml/dune: doc/sites.rst

   let lookup_theme_file file theme =
     lookup_file (Filename.concat theme file) themes_locations

   let get_layout_css = lookup_theme_file "layout.css"
   let get_ok_ico = lookup_theme_file "ok.png"
   let get_ko_ico = lookup_theme_file "ko.png"

Tests
-----

During tests the files are copied into the sites through the dependency
``(package mygui)`` and ``(package mygui_material_theme)`` as for other files in
install stanza.

Installation
------------

Installation is done simply with ``dune install``, however if one want to
install this tool such as it is relocatable. One can use ``dune
install --relocatable --prefix $dir``. The files will be copied to the directory
``$dir`` but the binary ``$dir/bin/mygui`` will find the site location relatively
to its location. So even if the directory ``$dir`` is moved, ``themes_locations`` will
be correct.

Implementation details
----------------------

The main difficulty for the sites is that those directories are
not at the same location at different time:

- When the package is available locally, the location is inside ``_build``
- When the package is installed, the location is inside the install prefix

> - If a local package want to install files to the site of another installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a local package wants to install files to the site of another installed
```

  package the location is at the same time in ``_build`` and in the install prefix
  of the second package.

> With the last example we see that the location of a site is not always uniq but
> could be layers of directories: ``["dir1";"dir2"]``. So a lookup must first look

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the last example we see that the location of a site is not always a single directory,
but can consist of a sequence of directories: ``["dir1";"dir2"]``. So a lookup must first look
```

into "dir1", then into "dir2".

.. _plugins:

Plugins and dynamic loading of packages
========================================

Dune allows to define and load plugins without having to deal with specific
compilation, installation directories, dependencies or the module `Dynlink`.
Here we show an example of an executable which can be extended using plugins,
and the definition of one plugin in another package. The sites used for plugins
are not particular, but it is better to use them just for that pupose and not install
other files in them.

Example
-------

Main executable (C)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- ``dune-project`` file:

.. code:: scheme

   (lang dune 2.8)
   (name c)
   (package (name c) (sites (lib plugins)))

- ``dune`` file:

.. code:: scheme

   (executable
    (public_name c)
    (modules sites c)

>     (libraries c.register dune-site dune-site.plugins))

Reviewer: What is this packag `dune-site` ?
